Plans docs (#14491)
netdata/netdata: docs/cloud/manage/plans.md

#### Committed nodes

When you subscribe to an Yearly plan you will need to specify the number of nodes that you will commit to. On these nodes, a discounted price of less 25% than the original cost per node of the plan is applied. This amount will be part of your annual prepayment.

```
Node plan discounted price x committed nodes x 12 months
```

If, for a given month, your usage is over these committed nodes we will charge the original cost per node for the nodes above the committed number.

#### Plan changes and credit balance

It is ok to change your mind. We allow to change your plan, billing frequency or adjust the committed nodes, on yearly plans, at any time.

To achieve this you will need to:
* Move to the Community plan, where we will cancel the current subscription and:
   * Issue a credit to you for the unused period, in case you are on a **yearly plan**
   * Charge you only for the current used period and issue a credit for the unused period related to the flat fee, in case you are on a **monthly plan**
* Select the new subscription with the change that you want

> > ⚠️

Reviewer: Make these two separate warnings, doesn't look good this way.

> > * On a move to Community, cancellation of an active subscription, please note that you will have all your notification methods configurations active for a period of 24 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> * On a move to Community (cancellation of an active subscription), please note that you will have all your notification methods configurations active for a period of 24 hours.
```

> >   After that, any of those that won't available on your space's plan at that time will be automatically disabled. You can always re-enable them once you move to the proper paid plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>   After that, any notification methods unavailable in your new plan at that time will be automatically disabled. You can always re-enable them once you move to a paid plan that includes them.
```
